OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-download-setup-app/main/index.md

## Configure the SDK, Sign-In Widget, and sample app

> Before you integrate either the SDK or the Widget into your app, you need to understand the configuration settings required to initialize the SDK and/or the Sign-In Widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you integrate either the SDK or the Widget into your app, you need to understand the configuration settings that are required to initialize the SDK and/or the Sign-In Widget.
```

### Configuration settings

#### Issuer

If you're getting started with your first app or if you're running an Okta sample app, use the Issuer URI of your default Custom Authorization Server. To find this value:

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Security** > **API**.
2. On the **Authorization Servers** tab, use the **Issuer URI** value from the **default** Custom Authorization Server row (for example, `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default`).

There are two main types of authorization servers in Okta: **Org** and **Custom**. See [Authorization Servers](/docs/concepts/auth-servers/#available-authorization-server-types) and [Difference between Okta as an Authorization Server vs Custom Authorization Server](https://support.okta.com/help/s/article/Difference-Between-Okta-as-An-Authorization-Server-vs-Custom-Authorization-Server?language=en_US) for more information on which Authorization Server to use.

> If you are using either the Org or the Custom Authorization Servers, your Issuer URI should be in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using either the Org or the Custom Authorization Servers, make sure your Issuer URI is in the following format:
```

* **Org**: If you want to use the Org Authorization Server, use the following URI format: `https://${yourOktaDomain}` (for example, `https://dev-example.okta.com`).

> * **Custom**: You can either use the default Custom Authorization Server or create your own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Custom**: You can use either the default Custom Authorization Server or create your own.
```

Author: talked to Christine, we will keep the original

  * default Custom Authorization Server's URI format: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default`

>   * your own Custom Authorization Server's URI format: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/${authServerId}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Your own Custom Authorization Server's URI format: `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/${authServerId}`
```

After you complete the configurations, run the sample app:

* [Run the SDK sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/-/main/#run-the-sdk-sample-app)

> * [Run the Widget sample app](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/-/main/#run-the-widget-sample-app)

Reviewer: Suggest the sentence before the bullet list to be:

After you complete the configurations:
* Run the ...
* Run the ...
